README.md, before:

<image src='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/unic0rn9k/wowitsaraytracer/master/logo.png' align='right' width="350px">
<image src='https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,pytorch,julia,rust,wasm,,latex,linux,git,githubactions' width='400'/>

<br>

👋 Hey there, I'm Aksel – a 20-year-old programming enthusiast with an insatiable curiosity for turning abstract problems into elegant solutions. I embarked on my programming journey at the mere age of 10, and I've been captivated by the world of coding ever since. Armed with a love for numbers and a knack for abstract thinking, I've developed a keen understanding of calculus, algebra, and statistics – tools I wield with precision in every coding adventure.

🎓 My education at HTX Sukkertoppen further fueled my passion. With a focus on computer science, I unleashed my creativity through a cascade of projects, both in the classroom and beyond. From whipping up intricate web designs for local boutiques to diving deep into the intricacies of algorithmic puzzles, I thrive on the thrill of creation and discovery.

🧠 Beyond coding, my life is a patchwork of eclectic experiences. I've gone from crafting delectable delicacies at Big Føtex to expertly maneuvering the streets as a Domino's pizza delivery dynamo. Not to forget, my days as a diligent paperboy – a journey that took me from delivering news to crafting my own in the world of programming.

🌟 My GitHub is my canvas, showcasing the tapestry of my technological adventures. Here are just a few brushstrokes:

- I breathed life into Rust with a [compile-time, reverse-mode, auto-differentiation masterpiece](https://github.com/unic0rn9k/autodiff).
- Navigated the digital seas by [predicting PDF annotation labels](https://github.com/unic0rn9k/dsv_recruitment) using KNN and graph embeddings.
- Played conductor with a [Rust rendition of the Cooley-Tukey FFT algorithm](https://github.com/unic0rn9k/fourier-notebook).
- Led a knight's charge with a [Minimax Chess AI in Rust](https://github.com/Bechiscul/chess), complete with a Javascript front-end and WASM sorcery.
- Unveiled the enigma of the mind by creating an [auto-encoder for generating brain images](https://gitlab.com/unic0rn9k/brainctautoencoder), employing Rust and WASM wizardry.
- Mastered the realm of asynchronous computation with my [zero-cost, multithreaded & distributed async runtime in Rust](https://github.com/unic0rn9k/metalmorphosis).

🛠️ My toolbox is as diverse as my adventures. From Rust and WASM and Julia to shell scripting and beyond, I'm a polyglot in pursuit of perfection. When I'm not crafting code, I'm unearthing hidden gems in the world of Arch and Neovim, and I'm not afraid to tread in the waters of BLAS, MPI, and CUDA.

🔍 My coding prowess extends beyond syntax. I'm the Sherlock of debugging, employing rigorous methodology to unravel the most perplexing tangles of code. I relish strong type systems, unit tests, and assertions as allies in my quest for optimal, correct, and elegant solutions.

🌐 Explore my GitHub galaxy to witness my coding constellations. Connect with me @unic0rn9k and let's embark on a journey through the landscapes of code, logic, and innovation!

📬 Contact: unic0rn9k@protonmail.com | ✋ [linkedin.com/in/unic0rn9k](https://linkedin.com/in/unic0rn9k)

Commit message:

Mostly got rid of the bosty ChatGPT generated blabber

README.md, after:

<image src='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/unic0rn9k/wowitsaraytracer/master/logo.png' align='right' width="350px">
<image src='https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,pytorch,julia,rust,wasm,,latex,linux,git,githubactions' width='400'/>

<br>

👋 Hey there, I'm Aksel – a 20-year-old programming enthusiast with an insatiable curiosity for turning abstract problems into elegant solutions.
Im fresh out of highschool, where I did 3 years at sukkertoppen HTX computerscience.
I love playing with everything from machine learning models in tensorflow, to MPI and BLAS bindings in Rust.

Check out some of my more impresive projects:
- [Transformer implementation in pytorch, without nn.Transformer](https://github.com/unic0rn9k/tiny-py-transformer)
- [Compile-time, reverse-mode, auto-differentiation graph](https://github.com/unic0rn9k/autodiff) in Rust.
- [Predicting PDF annotation labels](https://github.com/unic0rn9k/dsv_recruitment) in Julia, using KNN and graph embeddings.
- [Rust implementation of the Cooley-Tukey FFT algorithm](https://github.com/unic0rn9k/fourier-notebook).
- [Minimax Chess AI in Rust](https://github.com/Bechiscul/chess), complete with a Javascript front-end and WASM sorcery. (This was a group project, where I worked on the chess logic, and minimax model.)
- [Auto-encoder for generating brain images](https://gitlab.com/unic0rn9k/brainctautoencoder), employing Rust and WASM.
- [Zero-cost, multithreaded & distributed async runtime](https://github.com/unic0rn9k/metalmorphosis) in Rust.

I like to work methodically with code, and believe shortcuts mostly always end up being a detour.
I really wan't to be able to contribute to the development of safe AGI some day, which is a tough goal to strive for.
Thats why I have some alternative ideas on motivation, and what it means to have meaning in life.
The oxymoron of hope, is what drives perseverance when chances of succeeding are marginal.
Ideally perseverance should be a matter of prinicple, without reagard for outcome, nor motivation.

Hope you enjoyed reading a bit about me and what makes me tick.
Consider checking me out on linkedin, or shooting me a mail if you want to connect!

📬 Contact: unic0rn9k@protonmail.com | ✋ [linkedin.com/in/unic0rn9k](https://linkedin.com/in/unic0rn9k)
